Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
looks like doa
nobody saw shit as usual
let's get this whole area searched throughly
and don't let anyone touch a damn thing
we got here early before the media
but this is the sixth dead girl in two months
coincidence
either that or a long string of bad luck
either way this has to stop
everything alright Edwards?
yeah yeah it's all good
good I know this is new for you
but welcome to the shit show
the city is under fire
everyone wants to be on top
you life can be taken away
on a random day just sitting on your porch
you sure you okay?
yeah
just reminds me of someone I know
it's fucked up you know
girls are around my age
I always wondered what would
happen if I ever took the wrong turn
yup it is fucked up
we got a black female
early 20s doa
seems to be an act of foul play
appears to battered with
lacerations on her neck and buttocks
what kind of freaky shit was she into
dancer
robbed
nah
looks like distribution
apparently she wasn't too good at it
is that blood coming out of her mouth?
interesting
she maybe one of Delilah's Khan
I'm starting to think she's the one
doing this shit
there's no way she's not
that's a bet
this is starting to look like more and more
I wasn't on my best behaved sort of retaliation
we've got to shut them down Carter
they dealing drugs
damage
and destroying women
the city doesn't bat an eye
but when homicide is involved
it becomes our problem
I hear you young solider
but remember this
change doesn't happen overnight
neither does justice
don't worry young sister
their day will come
sooner rather than later
life
family
friends
love
art
beauty
these are all the thing that
describe America
you know but it's going to be okay
cause I'm going to fix it
I'm going to uplift our black people
this is a new day and age
black and brown people
it's time to take back what's ours
to destroy and rebuild
that's the mission
we must put down the pride
and pick up our heads
ask yourself people
how long we going to go around
asking for handouts favors
we're trying to dethrone the opressor
you know what I mean?
it's time for us to break the cycle
the so called crabs in a bucket
mentality has to stop
cause we are no longer crabs
and I'm Shane Sanders and I'm
running for mayor baby
hey how you doing?
hey hey
I'm so happy to see you
thank you thank you
I don't have a pen for autographs I'm sorry
you guys get with me later
we're going to discuss some things on
how to make the neighborhood better
okay? okay
thank you thank you
bless you
you did great boss
Ferrell's really tanking with
that Westlake scandal
alright now
you can basically moonwalk
your way to the top
we gonna take is garbage ass
to the can you hear me baby?
oh and we're gonna need more
funds for the fundraiserc
an you do that?
yeah I can do that Tippy
my man what's up brother?
keep running like that
and you'll be running for president
one day you're already crooked like one
like a politician I get it
ahh man
brother sometimes you got to go on
the wrong side to get to the right
I have a beautiful family
what more can I ask for man?
say Tip take five
go get something to eat or something
hey I gotta talk to you
so we coming up on some money
cause I know we were having some
financial problems but you may not
like where we getting it from
how much we talking?
we talking about a lot of money
enough money to set us up right
alright?
will you be able to cover me with that?
I got you
you sure?
let's get out of here brother
what's happening with you neph
what up unc?
I'm telling you unc mane
I just got through fucking with a baddie
I'm telling you unc
I got all the foreign bitches
and we got a couple of Asian bitches
you don't know nothing bout that
look what's happening with that white bitch
that white bae
what's happening
man you know what? you right?
speaking of which?
man I heard Sampson
got the whole east on house arrest
right now
always did he a fan of the sport
technical skills on point
the passion is there
look shit back in the days
his grandpa King George
used to run the streets like clockwork
pimping hoes like it's no tomorrow son
I'm already knowing
until he got killed
head almost rolled off his body
damn unc
but I think anybody can get
their head rolled off their body
that nigga ain't special
don't give me that look
I gotta go
okay
Camille looking lovely like always
how you been?
always some shit as usual
I'm just happy my sister is safe
who is that? your new little girlfriend?
my partner and you're funny
that is my Detective Alicia Edwards
what? she don't speak or something?
let's just say she takes her shit serious
now I know this wasn't a social invite
what do you need?
who was Charley dealing with?
if I had to put my money on it
I say one of them low bottom dudes from the uptown
or maybe she was at the wrong place at the wrong time
either way I'll do what I can do protect her
look don't worry about that
I do what I must to make
sure my family
can sleep at night
in peace
I wouldn't run around like a vigilante
you should let us take care of everything
and you just worry bout that pretty l
little girl oh and that dude you married
you know his name
but James do what you can
cause I love that girl
and whether it's her fault or not
she doesn't deserve the shit that she go to through
I got you Mill the work will be done
just have a little faith in us
I'm telling you niggas
I ain't fucking lying bro
man you ain't see no motherfuckin Tupac man
he still look the same too
just had more wrinkles and shit
you crazy bro
man look at this nigga
what's up?
nigga what is you doing over here?
came to see what's good with yall niggas
man you supposed to be over there
over there
fuck outta here younigng
yeah get the fuck outta here with that shit
Don King looking motherfucka
trying to step in the ring with the heavyweights
think next time before you step over here
yo I'm bout to spazz out
yall strapped?
si
all good
good
Hi my name is Sin'thia
some people call me Sin
some people call me sensational
either way it goes
I'm where your heaven and hell meets
Hi I'm Divine
and my grandmother always told me
nothing in this world is free
and around here
you got to pay to play
my name is Lace
I have a crippling nicotine addiction
and I love to please people
so if you're looking for something
soft
a little bit spicier
you know where to find me
they call me Angel
but there's nothing innocent about me
nobody likes to beat around the bush so
we doing this or what?
or what?
the name Queen Delilah
and who that bitch be? that's me
they call me Mama Dee
and Sam yeah that's my man
and he got the plan
and see I got hoes
so therefore I run the shows
girl I know you new and all
but make sure every bag's even
I'm on it I'm on it
I never seen so much shit in my life
just mind your business
and don't dip in the product
Delilah will cut your fucking tity off
on God
I remember one time
she shot a nigga dick off for disrespecting her
sayless
how we looking?
everything good Mama Dee
no problems
the count is right
and we been at it all night
all right
it's Friday payday
we can't sell out fast enough
okay
Mama Dee we're going to need more product
You know Mardi Gras coming up soon
lot of out of town girls ready to get high and fuck
already handled boo
but um
where's Angel
I don't know Mama Dee I ain't seen her
Vonnie?
I ain't seen her Mama Dee
Lace?
I haven't seen her in a while
Mama Dee she's been in the wind
speaking of the Angel
what's up Mama Dee
sorry I'm late I
handle some family business
hmmm umm beautiful
you know?
family is important
haha so
how's your mom doing?
she doing good
thanks for asking
that's nice that's nice
hmph
what the fuck Mama Dee
Bitch you must have lost your mind
you can't just come and go as you please
you clock in and clock out
when I say so
unless you think otherwise
I don't have nothing to say Mama Dee
hmph
you know
you tough
and that's why I like you
but Mama Dee don't mean to be
hard on you baby
you just need discipline my girl
see
the money is always there
but you
you have be there
be there early to get it
I'm on it. I got you
Mama Dee it's about that time
sell this shit out
go get ready
I need you to take a ride
come on Angel. let's go
this is Nancy Barnes
reporting live at the Althea Marie Park
I have philanthropist and candidate
Shane Sanders
thank you for having me Nance
it's a pleasure as always
you're running against a subjective mirror
in Brad Ferrell
both young and determined
what do you think separates you?
I'm well rounded Nance
I actual come from these neighborhoods
that the media tries to destroy
no offense
but I been around the block
I have and education in Harvard Law
so for lack of a better term
I've been around the world
my I ask what is your goal
when you become mayor of this fine city
I plan to pick up where the old mayor
left off but do it the right way
I want to make sure we have
everything we need
umm there comes a time where we
have to stand up for ourselves
cause waiting on the man was not cutting it
you know as my father always said
you have to fix yourself because
tools don't grow on trees
wow sounds like a man with a plan
well there you have it
I'm with Councilman Shane Sanders
and this is Nancy Barnes
with LANO TV signing out
I'm telling you Trip Davin Oleander is done
his hand is crushed
he's on the wrong side of 30
and he can't leave the
extracurricular activities alone
look the Tigers just need to release him
and call it a day
oh my god
you know what?
let me tell you something Rich
as a journalist for ten years
and a personal friend of Davin's
I am offendedw
what?
yes you heard me
offended
you're just like the rest
sensitive people in this world
wipe off the tears put down the helmet
it's time to move on
oh my god move on you say
you heard me move on
the man has put in work
made his claim to fame
matter fact he is the best
goddamn receiver in the position
since your mama played in the AFL
rich your mama
watch it now
I watch it plenty of times Rich
and I know Davin's the best
you tell me
I'll have to disagree on that one
we'll be right back
and cut
thank you chocolate face
you said some good shit
give me some love baby
mmmmm
hey you better make me look good too
I got a lot riding on this
now would I lie to you baby
you probably would
I'm kidding I'm kidding
such an asshole I love it
but how are you and my replacement doing?
my wife is fine
and don't forget you left me for that
Forrest Whitaker looking motherfucka
he does not
but it would have turned out differently
this is crazy this all we made?
oh yeah
damnit where is big bear?
eating lunch
why wouldn't he be
fat ass
I gotta get some outfits for
the player ranch
damn it you always needing shit bitch
tell big bear to bring you to the store
wait wait wait aht aht
you a little Gary Coleman baby
what you mean?
ummmm short
slow night you know Delilah
nearly bumped my ass off
and I gotta pay her her money back
shit
MADAME
Damnit Bear you scared the shit outta me
damn
presenting Mrs. Delilah Khan
I already know who she is
come on bear take me to the store
take me to store
hola mi bonita
que pasa
como estas
bien usted
mad
so mad
I had to break this down in English
tardiness
you know the definition of that?
the actions
of a non urgent person?
I
cannot
have people
with no sense of urgency
working for me
even if it is
low level
uh uh
you ain't gonna be dissing my shit
hmph
anyway
I want your bitches by the offshore boat
I don't give a damn if
they gotta sneak on the boat
you can have your little ranch
serving old fat white men
ain't my style
now
read my tarot I'm feeling lucky
spirits
tell me what she needs to hear
this is sending out a warning
someone from you past is
tryna come back into your life
great that's all I need right now
seems they have been released from prison
metaphorically speaking
they have unfinished business
come on
keep it coming
it seems
they have secrets
this person is in the wind
in the wind
you clock in and clock out when i say so
look bitch
if you don't give me some good news
the next card you pull
will be your death card
spirits
tell me what this bitch need to hear
so we can get Mrs. Khan on her way
right now
so overall
knight of cups
and you have four of wands in scorpio
and nine of cups
very good energy
and either way you win
as usual
you also have ace of swords
and the ten of cups
is usually someone you married
or been with a long time
from your past and
they just want a second chance
you don't think sampson is cheating do you
bitch
you know i'll slap the shit out you
easy easy
the cards don't lie
well
change
i guess
a second chance
second chance at life
maybe
maybe that's what he's looking for
aren't we all
hmm?
well come on bitch
keep shuffling
that's all you need
working in the house
i don't know about that but
whatever you need
aight
listen up
madre Dee
is on the lookout for Angel
she disappeared
she disrespectful
why what did she do
the fuck it matter to you
we want her dead or alive
we on it
and by the way
send a message
sampson has plans for the future
no loose ends alrite
hit up 8 ball to go pluck the wings
off of Angel
shit I might want to hit her up myself
focus nigga you just got in this bitch
you don't even have a lunch voucher yet
I hear you
but bro is Sampson really that powerful?
look son all ima say is
stick around long enough to find out
now shut the fuck up cause here he comes
shutting the fuck up
bredrin bredrin peace peace
peace black King
we're all here still breathing still eating
everything is all love King
oh youngin define growth
growth always getting better bigger
yeah
you could choose to move
backwards towards safety
or forward towards growth
and growth must be chosen
again and again
fear must be overcome again and again
aye yo Riquete
tell me something
the swiftest way to triple your success
is to double your investment on personal development
correct
look man the new day is coming
and the rightful owners to the city
is finally getting the motherfuckin keys back
look I think you gentleman can handle it from here
peace peace love love
ay yo boss
you want to fill me in on what's going on?
put your fuckin gun up Rique
respect respect
it's just I don't think the family understands politics
in time Rique in time
when you been in this game as long as I have
you know there's no happy ending
right
just planning our escape
escape to normalcy
stay swift Rique
daddy he clean and cute
welcome to paradise
a little bit of heaven and a little bit of hell
ahhh Mr. Sanders
my downtown brother
How you doing Sampson?
have a seat have a seat
I'm sure you know my concierge
Ms. Lisa Marcello
pleasure as always
and this is my main man Syrique
Mr. Sanders
seem like a man for change
just don't get thrown out
with the trash you plan on throwing away
touche brother
so Mr. Sanders
my client wanted to meet with you directly
to show that his word is his bound
I'm a simple man
I just want to be around long enough
to enjoy the fruits of my hard work
we have a plan to put an end to regentrification
make everything in this city you know black
make it like it was back when
our grandparents footsteps were embedded in the cement
community center
art building
jazz clubs
shit you appreciate 50 years from now
we have a sure fire game plan my brother
all we need for you to do
is to open those doors
with no strings attached of course
well to be honest that sounds good and all
but no offense Mr. Khan
I heard about your past
and it's not very compelling
I believe we all can't afford to ruin our reputations
I mean we wouldn't have invited you
if it wasn't for lack of a better word legit
alright look I'm black too
I get it I'm a nigga
why don't yall break it down the real way
I got a million dollar idea for you fam
let's have a drink
nah nah man gotta go home to the wife
can't go home smelling like a good time
well I'm going to go do what I do
the less I hear the better
Mr. Sanders
think about it
we can make a better place together
care for a snack brother?
sweets
I brought the treats
treats?
you a little soft in the back there mam
say man let's chop it up man
whatever you need
so we have the good the bad
and the ugly motherfucka
well help Mr. Sanders relax
when you in rome do as
not a smoker Mr. Sanders
well uh not usually
but something tells me I'm going to need it
aww man
only the finest here at the magical palace
I assume you won't need directions out
not at all bud
Sampson
whoa whoa whoa whoa
I'm married I'm married
I'm a married man
too bad
but if I ever get a divorce
you like to party huh?
like a rockstar
now what you got?
innovation
you know we come from similar backgrounds?
that's right I did my research
oh so you went to Harvard Law?
I didn't know that
what are you talking about?
Terry Sanders
T Moe
leader of the black stone mafia
that's your pops right?
huh?
that degree shit don't fool me my nigga
your pops was a righteous hustler
he also was a killer
look my wife don't even know about that alright
I told her I told her he died in the service
I was embarrassed
you can't be in no white school
with some killer daddy
Nino Brown type fucking father figure
then he surrounded me by all these
crackers that didn't want me
that's the thing Shane why hide man
huh?
we not afraid of them
they afraid of us
look
stand up with your head high
and your mind straight
you a King my G
and it's time to rise up
all there boss
now Mr. Khan
my boss exceeded his amount of kindness
please don't fuck us
well gentleman you have me sold
we need some bonding in
the black community
um chocolate dips
you keep a bad bitch or two
can you bring me some more of
the tree please
Me and Mr. Khan
got some things to discuss
she so chocolate
here's to us man
look like somebody need to come
and scoop yall asses up
man don't play like that
I ain't tryna go back to that fucking place
I deal with the bodies homeboy
you got my shit?
you know it
Sampson sends his best regards
we appreciate the extra protection
where's he been anyway?
he been downtown with that Sanders nigga
weird nigga but he cool
Shane Sanders?
word him
you alright?
yeah I'm good run me my shit
you know you never cease to amaze me
Mr. Khan
what you mean?
I never took you for a man
of such class and elegance
on the contrary my brother
I ain't expect you to be who you are either man
and why may I ask?
I see you a ghetto smooth talking man
of the people
shhhh
man don't tell nobody
the white people don't know about that
they think I'm Obama
man you alright Sanders
you alright
umm I must be honest with you
I was very reluctant to work with you
Mr. Khan
I would imagine so
I tell ya
what makes me so different from
the teamsters back in the day
shit they funded the president
you a politician right
well actually there's no difference
except the color of your skin brotha
I mean we live in a country where
a white boy can bomb a church and get away with it
get off scot-free
but you ain't even safe in your own home
isn't that ironic
life is funny isn't it
we come from the same walk of life
the only difference is you went to
a fancy institution
actually you did too
the school of hard knocks
yeah they wasn't accepting
applications that day
you know the world's gonna
see you as affiliated with me right?
right?
yeah but umm
like you said I shouldn't have
nothing to worry about right
but does it ever wake you up
in the middle of the night
knowing all the motherfuckers around you
everybody don't give a fuck
if you live or die
sigh
every god damn night
what happens
when you constantly
disturbed every night
waking up out of your sleep
not having peace
shit ain't right man
sigh
my brother
I pray
that I never have to find out
what would happen
if somebody disturb my 100% peace
respectively know what I'm saying?
fair enough
you know there's a war going on right?
white versus black
rich versus poor
victimized versus oppressor
er opressor how ever you want
to fucking call it
and that's why I do what I do
well that's why I'm here
to show that all brothers ain't the same
you know
no human for that matter
up hold up
somebody call Nike
cause I think I found the check
no mate
bravo Khan sir bravo
good game man
good game gonna run another one on your ass
Charley baby
mama what are you doing here?
where have you been?
tired honestly I'm just tired mama
look at you
where have you been
I been worried about you
come on no more running no more fighting
just come home
honestly mama I'm just so tired
at this point I have no fight left in me
Charley baby
so she said that she wasn't going no where
now she must have not gotten them memo
that we run all the real estate around here
period
and then what happened?
she ain't want to get down
so we slapped the shit out her
okay
a little angry aren't we
you think we bouta let some
great value bitch tryna flex on us
that's my sis
especially when she ain't gon do it right
like a slap in the face or somethin
yall be wildin out
no
they just ignorant as fuck
we had an agreement
we supply
they sell
it doesn't matter if we hover over they shoulders
now you those monroe street bitches
don't know nothin about nice things
I hope you jar heads know what you're doing
because once a war starts
you're in it
til death
like I always say ladies
make sure every bag even
y'all new here
I don't need yall hanging from the raptures
speaking of we need more security
those madem lareaux bitches are getting real bitchy
na I ain't scared of nothin
but I ain't stupid
facts
I'm not bouta stand alone
while they try to decide which side of the team they wanna be on
we rule where we stand
madem
them ain't the only people you gotta worry about
this the job
don't worry we gon take care of that
just worry about that money
we got you
remember ladies
serve discretely this weekend
and make sure y'all got y'all trackers
and by all fuckin means
no fuckin freebees
okay
I don't give a fuck how famous
or how big
or how famous his big dick is
okay
all money comes home honey
we got you mama Dee
now you know me and lace we all over the place
and it's all star weekend
y'all know niggas out here tryna get loaded
shit even the coaches and the palyers
ya know even some of those owners
just love dipping their finger in some snow
so
new girls
how y'all holding up
I'm gettin it mama Dee
I got everything under control
five racks in one night
na I should be the rookie of the year
ok slow down Kobe
because Kobe still got his rings over here
bih ain't no three petes round here
you a little ballsy bitch
I like that
well I know y'all not use to having this kind of weight
so ya know
it's just this one thing
a madam kinda thing
madam lareaux crew isn't holding their end of the bargain
and how may I ask
they basically told us to go fuck ourselves
her weak ass wanna be me so bad
lets just say she should just stick to voodoo
okay
you right daughter you right
your plans?
just some broke ass little girls getting tough
ain't nothing to worry about
well nobody got robbed huh?
nah nothing worth speaking on
that's okay
yall don't worry about it
ain't no problem
Mama got something for that
Bruja punta culo
they dead Mama Dee
we would spray their project asses just say the word
the youngins their pretty eager
well yall need to settle yall young ass down
okay
don't make me regret promoting you
yes mama
hey you seen New Jack City?
I will tie you the fuck up
and blow you the fuck up
we knew that
better act like you know
yes mama
Vonnie where the bag?
here
these just came in
Location Area
just incase for emergency
we don't need no more black women dead
or no women for that matter
I have to leave Mama Dee
the money's calling
I have a couple clients down town
come on bitches lets roll out
today is training day
aht aht aht
y'all are still fresh
so imma need yall to know better
what's the rules now
cash up front
show up 15 minutes early and check your surroundings
control the situation
hygiene is protocol
alrite
well
well done girls be safe
and remember CYA
cover ya ass
yea I know
alrite good job
posse out
so what you wanna do about madame?
send her ass back
to hell where she belongs
she may be a small organization
but you know she coming with that heat
so I know she will let her
let her?
yeah and once she does
blatt
I follow
that's right
that's why you Queen
well take notes baby
my reign won't last forever
and my legacy must live on
see my daughter Shakka
she's the future
and she in good hands Mama Dee
you know I got her
she better
look I was so worried about you
how you been?
why you stayed away so long?
just a lot going on
didn't want to really be around yall
everything that I'm dealing with and stuff
I guess I didn't want to bring
it around the family I guess
but I'm your mother you can talk to me
I know mom it's just
a whole lot that you don't know about
I have nothing but time to listen
you're my daughter and I love you
and I have nothing but time to listen
it's okay
well I have nothing but time
you're my daughter and I love you
and I'm here to listen
I love you too ma I just don't
know how to talk to you about
this stuff
it's not that easy
it's it's
it's a lot you missed out on
a lot I been doing on my own
and having to
you know still keep it pushing
like everything's all good
everything's not all good
I don't really now how to
tell you everything
it's just so much
well when you ready to talk
I'm ready to listen
cause you're my daughter I love you
and I'm always here for you
you know stalking is still stalking
even if you are the law
you would want that wouldn't you
unfortunately this is a serious visit
what you found an update on
Charley's situation
some good news
some bad news
some shocking news
James cut the bullshit
give me all three
for starters I know who you were working for
I been trying to take them down for years
ever heard of Delilah Khan
no I don't
well she's married to Sampson Khan
a known criminal
and together they have this
underground life stay out of the public eye
and only come in town to eat
what does this have to do with Charley
what does that have to do with Shane
Shane?
see I been tracking Sampson for years
and never comes out to play
but that's until he meets his new best friend
I'm sure it's for a reason
as far as my sister you should handle it
I see people like to
take the law in their own hands
who like you?
you don't think I know about your past Camille?
even when we were dating
you would disappear
you know I even found blood on your jacket
all I take is defense classes James
I just want to protect myself
and my family
you already have two family members
close to those beautiful iron bars
don't make me take you in
Angel?
Angel
what's up girl?
just another day in paradise
but I was worried about you
Mama Dee she stopped worrying
said you was weak and fuck it
I guess she really did care about you
is that right?
man I been good trying to find a job
straight edge living
I never thought I'd live to see the day
for sure I'll catch you later Vonnie
wait wait
come here chill
I'm not gon tell her I saw you
let's go burn one
I'm tired of living like this
I feel you it's never ending story
hot ass days cold ass night
sweaty ass niggas
fake ass friends
running from 12
running from Mama Dee
running from problems
no sleep no peace no hope
I see why you got the fuck
Mama Dee that's an evil ass lady
for real fucking dragon lady
build you up till you think
you just this empowered woman
and with that same hand
she'll tear you down
you need to get out this shit thou Vonnie
and where ima go?
I ain't got no family
I don't got nothing
shit you got yourself
and that's more than enough
I used to feel the same way till I broke free
freedom something we all hope for
you know
you were always different from us
you always had this calm peace about you
I always know you didn't belong here
you gon make something out yourself
believe that
Charley my real name is Charley
and you know it's not too late for you either
all skin folks ain't kin folks
Latoya that's my real name
but
I'm about to get out of here
keep your head up pretty
alright baby
aye Toya go home son go home
wait a minute Mr. Post Man
wait?
you telling me Kerry Styles
is the most dangerous player in the number two spot
most dangerous player in the entire USBA
man I said a couple of times and a couple times more
look the man is great
when he gets the ball
it is guaranteed to go in the net
I guess you never heard of Stephen Turner
ohhhh
a well known shooting guard
out of North Carolina
that plays in what we call sin city
35 points a game my friend 35 points
35 points?
that is weak
man fuck out of here bullshit
sin city sucks garbage
let me tell you something about me personally
as a professional well known ball hogger myself
I swear
this man Kerry
is going to gaurentee himself
35 points a game
and even more
man you like the sound of your own voice don't you
I love it I put it on recording
and wake up to it
give him over time
man you writing checks your ego can't cash
but the bank will cash them
back up the truck
you know what?
I'm tired of this bull
when we come back
we will have more to talk about
I'm Nancy Barnes and today
I'm sitting with mayoral candidate Brad Ferrell
thanks for having me Nance
listen
I want to use this time to talk about
the crisis in our city
remember when this city
used to be one big family?
we used to walk outside our door
and play with our friends
until the street lights come on
not a worry in the world
some say you not the man for the job
I'm aware
I'm aware of the change that
needs to take place
and I know what it takes to lift this
city out of the mud and clean it up
you're running against councilman
Shane Sanders
Mr. Sanders is well familiar with this city
Nancy you bet not make me look bad
or I'll release that sextape from back in the days
what are your thoughts about his
keep it real approach
you can only as real and far as you have been
and he hasn't been anywhere
he's a novice
with him this world will be very difficult
some say the same thing about you
Mr. Ferrell
some say you only care about the rich
some say you only care about yourselfs
some say you don't even respect the city
how can a man save a city he doesn't respect
respect is earned
and that's what we need to change
respect needs to be given
and when we respect ourselves
we will be able to respect the place we live
resepct?
Mr. Ferrell
you have allegations of
starting programs and pocketing all the money
is that such criteria to run the city?
Nancy people will call me all kinds of names
or put barriers in my way
but we shall prevail
you said you was opening
community centers for the less fortunate
but just last Friday you said some
some funds for the city
should be spent on more roads and more events
which one is it?
Nance you know I didn't
say any of those things
what I said was
we need to let the people decide
where the funds go
and if the people want
easier transportation
and they want more festivals
for their families
well I need to listen to the people
I believe I found what you been looking for
hell yeah that's what I'm talking bout
my people are looking for yall
I suggest you clean this up
and get gone for a while
man only breaks are in Hollywood
here's your shit
this why I do this
the money is easy and I go about my way
the less I know the better I'm out
yeah the money's easy
let Sampson know he owes me big
it's hot as a motherfucka
you don't get tired of this shit?
hell no
I tried to work at a temp agency once
maybe two
didn't last more than a week
you okay Vonnie?
yeah I'm about to go
where
somewhere
I don't think Mama Dee gonna like that
they gonna be looking for you like Angel
and countless others
one way in one way out
man fuck Mama Dee
see ya
where you going Miles?
what you want Alicia?d
don't be like that
weren't we friends once?
yeah before you became a fucking sellout
never that if anything I'm trying to help my people
which is why I'm here
what do you know about Lanae Barnes murder?
I believe you know her as Diamond
look I don't know shit about shit
so you can get the fuck back
cross the west end where you belong
Latoya this is not a fucking game
do I need to take you in?
what's the charge?
I ain't got shit on me
I'm homicide I'm about bodies
and you are a potential character witness
so yes I do have shit on you
guilty by association
that's bullshit how?
Latoya Miles also known as Divine
better known as Vonnie
prior charges include
one count of possession
one count of solicitation
simple battery
you live a pretty eventful life
sounds like a string of bad luck to me
that's all
going to be a whole lot more of it
if you don't let us help you
help me
help me do what
look around this motherfucka
ain't no hope around here
you trnya get me to snitch on
somebody that I don't even know
keep bullshitting
but we can't always be there
remember that when you protecting
someone you don't even know
you know
Lanae was going to be a doctor before
she got strung out
Barnes made her decision
now it's time for you to make yours
damn this shit getting better
and by the day mamma
that's what I like to hear
another successful day
another successful dollar
Mama Dee the cops knocked Vonnie
when
earlier today. she out now
she ain't telling you
I'm telling you
I don't want you to think I'm a rat
and she been in my face
like it's all good
Mama Dee you know Vonnie ain't telling
True But
now's not the time to take any risk
I can't afford loose strings
where is she now?
she um she should be coming soon
Mama Dee please spare Vonnie
she makes us a lot of money
plus she's a soldier
shush
baby what I tell you about
voicing your opinion?
do you know what that means?
you are my daughter
I know what's best for you
I know what's best for all of us
unless Hmph you want to disappear?
I won't say no more
hey
I wouldn't go in there if I were you
I'm good
Mama Dee know I ain't no snitch
don't say I ain't warn you
what's up Mama Dee?
Hmph
so when you were going to
tell me you got picked up?
there wasn't nothing to tell
they asked me a few questions
I ain't tell them shit
so they let me go simple
Hmph
If only it were so simple
you know
you're contaminating our organization
constantly in trouble
over and over again
you are uncoachable
unreachable
and under my skin
but I'm your top earner
I'm employee of the year in this motherfucka
and you gonna kill me now?
you always had heart
you a soldier
but um
but what you're not
is a good actress
I grew up with the detective
I can't help who I grew up with
and I respect your honesty
but you know
my mother always taught me
speak when it's time to speak b
but you taught me soething though
I clearly need more order
Vonnie
what the fuck is going on?
clean this shit up
damn Mama Dee
bitch shut the fuck up
come on bitch grab her motherfuckin
arms we gotta get this motherfuckin
body out here
what you need to know is
this city will be in good hands
we are going to be here
cleaning up this streets of all these thugs
once you sell that
keep it going
i'm sure there's a lot of men out here tonight
ready to get high
yeah i got you daddy'
hi I'm Shane Sanders
you know
my grandfather fought for this country
to
fight for this country
is the biggest reward you can give
for being born here
is what my grandpa always said
so umm
many people lost their life
here you're here for work?
do it look like i'm here for work
then what you want then?
i got a message for Delilah
we don't need thugs in this city friends
we need fun
we need clean streets
we need festivals
am i right?
you think i'm right
i know you do
what you need is a makeover
get the fuck out of my face
many people did not come home
there were mothers kids
grandfathers and grandmothers
who were waiting for their
loved ones to come home from the war
so I just want to tell you guys in Iraq
to stay safe and um
our prayers are with you
and thank you
ima cut you like that bitch you work for
if you don't kill me she will
so do whatever you want
ready ready
what the fuck is going on?
this bitch is crazy
daddy daddy are you okay?
what can i do?
maybe fuck off
its' all your fault damn bitch
sorry oh my god
i can help
get out get out
just go just go
listen
I'm going to clean up this town
this is a city where we should
have great pride
the city on the hill
or by the bayou
or by the river
or by the lake
I don't care
I want the city
to be one big family
you feel me?
I know you do
I'm Brad Ferrell and I'm running for mayor